feat: Disabling popover mode (#2350)
cozy-labs/cozy-desktop: doc/usage/linux.md

> extension providing support for appindicator. You can find and install one
> from https://extensions.gnome.org/ by searching for `appindicator`.

> **Disabling the "popover" mode**
>
> By default, the window behaves like a system tray / popover menu that appears
> below the Cozy icon / app indicator, same as Windows & macOS. But it doesn't

> > work so well with recent GNOME versions or with tiling Window managers.

Author: ```suggestion
> work so well with the GNOME appindicator extension (see above) or with tiling
> Window managers.
```
